# initial fails
KHR-GL46.gpu_shader_fp64.builtin.inverse_dmat4,Crash
KHR-GL46.sparse_buffer_tests.BufferStorageTest,Crash
KHR-GL46.sparse_texture2_tests.SparseTexture2Commitment,Fail
KHR-GL46.sparse_texture2_tests.StandardPageSizesTestCase,Fail
KHR-GL46.sparse_texture2_tests.UncommittedRegionsAccess,Fail
KHR-GL46.sparse_texture_clamp_tests.SparseTextureClampLookupResidency,Fail
KHR-GL46.sparse_texture_tests.SparseTextureCommitment,Crash
glx@glx-swap-pixmap-bad,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_es2_profile@invalid opengl es version,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_no_error@no error,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_robustness@invalid reset notification strategy,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@depthstencil-default_fb-blit samples=16,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-stipple,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-facing,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@fs-function-inout-array,Crash
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex,Fail
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex@'vs_input2[1][0]' on GL_PROGRAM_INPUT,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_shader_storage_buffer_object@max-ssbo-size@fsexceed,Crash
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_viewport_array@display-list,Fail
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance,Fail
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance@eglGetSyncValuesCHROMIUM_msc_and_sbc_test,Fail
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance@eglGetSyncValuesCHROMIUM_ust_test,Fail
spec@egl_khr_surfaceless_context@viewport,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@enable-flag,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-refcount,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_ayuv,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv12,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv21,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p010,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_xrgb8888,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_xyuv,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y210,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y212,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yuyv,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yvu420,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-transcode-nv12-as-r8-gr88,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quad_strip wireframe,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
